## What is GA Tinder?

### NOTE: USE OF THE "TINDER" NAME IS FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY!

There are a lot of dating apps out there. Many of us have used at least one of  them at some point. There are dating apps for all kinds of different groups, but our group of enterprising young WDI students here at General Assembly New York want to make a dating app just for people here and, if it were to become a more expansive project, the tech community at large. While it would be great to actually put it into use for our campus, our ultimate goal is to educate ourselves by attempting to craft a simulacrum (yes, fancy word here) of one of the most popular types of apps on the market today.

## How Will the App Work?

Upon loading of the app, the user will be met with the App logo and buttons to either register or login. For new users, they will click on the register button. Upon load, the user will have to input their desired username and password as well as his or her e-mail, first name, and last name. 

Once those fields are filled out, the user will then be redirected to their own profile page. On this profile page, The user will have the ability to upload a main profile photo by clicking on a button. On click, the user will be able to choose a photo(s) from their computer/phone (stretch goal here) to insert for their image. User will also have to fill in input fields for their age and interest (men, women, or other if you're nasty). There will also be a text area where users can write a short blurb describing themselves however they choose. There will most likely be an as yet undetermined character limit for this section.

After the user has filled out their profile page, they will then be directed to their feed where he or she can browse for other users they might be interested in. On display will be the other user's main profile photo and under that will be their name, age, and, thanks to our use of the Google API, their location. The user doing the browsing will also have the option to click to reveal the bio. At the top of the page in each corner will be one emoji: on the right will be the emoji with two hearts for eyes, which the user will click if they are interested in that person, and on the left will be the emoji of the person who crosses their arms in front of them, which the user will click if they are not interested. Once a button is clicked, the displayed profile will either swipe off screen to the right or left depending on which button they clicked (right for yes, left for no). Once a user decides which button to click, upon removal of the profile, a new one will appear, and the process will repeat as many times as the user wishes.

When two users mutually swipe right and are matched, they will each be redirected to their respective DM lists, which will have photos of each match as well as a blank space immediately to the right of it if the matches have not DM'ed yet that will say "Start DM'ing!" When a user clicks on one of these entries, they will be redirected to the chat screen. If matches have previous DM history, the text of the most recent DM will appear next to their profile photo. At the top of the page will also be an arrow that will allow a user to go back to their feed.